This palace knows when you enter the palace
Don't waste your time
Getting rid of sterling silver Shanshan was my idea
I know how
You want to disobey my orders
I just want to save Shanshan's life
Others I'm not interested in
Didn't Qiuyue tell you?
Chunyu belongs to the emperor
Not important.
I will definitely find a way to rescue the mountain god
Good idea.
This palace wants to see if it breaks away from the support of the Feng family
You lady of the country
What good could it do?
Emperor
Spring to incompetence
I can't be the wife of the country anymore
I can no longer serve the emperor
Please give the emperor the death of the villain
Because of the cold princess
Not because of madam
He was a very affectionate woman.
I still respect him
Therefore
I can't keep track of him anymore
Passed on to the emperor
Death doesn't solve the problem
Right, Lady Protector?